# What is your favourite new javascript feature and why?

**Optional Chaining "x?.y"** is my favorite new feature.
Good for shortcircuiting and simplifying conditionals

Optional chaining was added in ECMAScript 2020 and thanks to transpilers, little worries about support across browser environments.

I personally find Optional chaining very useful in situations where I want to access a property of an object, but not sure whether the object exists or whether it has the property I am trying to access. Without optional chaining, I would have to write additional code to check whether the object exists and whether it has the desired property, which can make the code more verbose and difficult to read.

Here is an example of how optional chaining can be used to simplify a code:

```javascript
// Without optional chaining
let book = null;
let page = "";
if (book != null && book.page != null) {
  page = book.page;
}

// With optional chaining
let book = null;
let page = book?.page || ""; //dry and intuitive to read
```

Using optional chaining, I can access the name property of the 'book' object without having to write additional code to check for null or undefined. This can make code more concise and easier to read, especially in cases where I am accessing multiple properties of an object and need to check for null or undefined at each step.

Optional chaining can also be useful when working with objects that have a deep nested structure, as it allows access to properties of nested objects without having to check for null or undefined at each level.
